welcome to Savannah you're walking the
dogs mr. Glover yes sir Oh land where
are my manners
what can I get you to drink Town &
Country flew me down to write a 500-word
story on a Christmas party
not just anybody huh you all got some
ass drinking my lovely to see you out
there
Oh Jim I'd get out of bed for you
anytime baby if you have to leave a
party you always take a trap I may be
leaving tomorrow you leaving tonight
what happened all that Jim Williams went
and shot somebody kind of pay my father
there's nothing safe you'd like to spike
that up there's a bar out there
oh thank you I'm still on duty mr.
William place is fantastic
it's like going with the wind on
mescaline it's just a shooting but give
it time it's going to be rather sticky
4-channel listen to me they walk
imaginary pets here garlic and we're all
heavily armed drug New York is boring
I'll call you later all rise
they're kind of put after in the waif
alive I'm innocent John it's important
that you believe that someone comes into
my home and they shoot at me I will
shoot back again and again and again
until I'm sure that they're dead seems a
rich powerful man Billy's little afraid
of this I think it's time you meet the
most important member of my defence team
to understand the living you got a
commune with the dead
you know of course that no one's ever
gonna really know what happened true
story and deliciously evil don't you
think do you want to tell me what really
happened that night truth lie God is in
the eye of the beholder
you